2020-04-27 13:06:50.813037

Coronavirus pandemic: Japan adds 14 more countries to entry ban list
Japan has banned entry from 14 more countries, including Russia, Peru and
Saudi Arabia, as the country steps up border control as the novel coronavirus
infections continued to spread in the country. There were already more than
70 other countries in the ban list.

Subhash Ghai shares old pic of Kartik with Salman and Aamir
Subhash Ghai shared an old photo of Kartik Aaryan on social media where he is
seen with Salman Khan and Aamir Khan.

Ganges River Dolphins spotted in Meerut. Viral video
A video of Ganges River Dolphin, a freshwater breed which is endangered,
enjoying in the Ganges in Meerut is going viral online.

Watch: Golden monkey couple shares long hug to express love
A video of two golden monkeys sharing a hug has gone viral on the internet.

Pakistan's anti-graft body issues arrest warrant against Nawaz Sharif in land-related corruption case
Pakistan's anti-graft body has issued an arrest warrant against embattled
former prime minister Nawaz Sharif in a 34-year-old land-related corruption
case.

Global military spending saw largest increase in decade in 2019; US, China, India in top 3: Study
The total global military expenditure rose to $1,917 billion in 2019,
representing an annual growth of 3.6 per cent compared to 2018, according to
a new report by the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI).

Tamil Nadu builds walls at Andhra border to block vehicular movement amid lockdown
To tackle the spread of coronavirus and strictly impose lockdown measures,
the Tamil Nadu government has ordered to built 7-ft walls at state border
with Andhra.

Centre’s report on lockdown says people dependent on relief camps doubled by mid-April
The Centre has submitted a second status report on the effects of the
lockdown on migrant labourers and other homeless people.

Natalie Dormer on Game Of Thrones: I got the golden ticket
Natalie Dormer played Margaery Tyrell on American fantasy drama Game of
Thrones.

Man recreates market at home for 87-year-old mother battling dementia
Australian filmmaker recreated a supermarket at his home for his 87-year-old
mother suffering from dementia.

Delhi HC to hear plea against Hasmukh for allegedly maligning lawyers
A plea was filed against Vir Das's Hasmukh for allegedly maligning the image
and reputation of lawyers. The Delhi High Court will hear the plea today,
April 27.

When will Covid-19 outbreak end in India? Researchers risk a May date
Researchers in Singapore have prepared a mathematical model to predict when
Covid-19 pandemic will end in different countries. The model predicts India
will see 97 per cent decline by May 22.



2020-04-27 13:07:01.343395

Coronavirus pandemic: Japan adds 14 more countries to entry ban list
Japan has banned entry from 14 more countries, including Russia, Peru and
Saudi Arabia, as the country steps up border control as the novel coronavirus
infections continued to spread in the country. There were already more than
70 other countries in the ban list.

Subhash Ghai shares old pic of Kartik with Salman and Aamir
Subhash Ghai shared an old photo of Kartik Aaryan on social media where he is
seen with Salman Khan and Aamir Khan.

Ganges River Dolphins spotted in Meerut. Viral video
A video of Ganges River Dolphin, a freshwater breed which is endangered,
enjoying in the Ganges in Meerut is going viral online.

Watch: Golden monkey couple shares long hug to express love
A video of two golden monkeys sharing a hug has gone viral on the internet.

Pakistan's anti-graft body issues arrest warrant against Nawaz Sharif in land-related corruption case
Pakistan's anti-graft body has issued an arrest warrant against embattled
former prime minister Nawaz Sharif in a 34-year-old land-related corruption
case.

Global military spending saw largest increase in decade in 2019; US, China, India in top 3: Study
The total global military expenditure rose to $1,917 billion in 2019,
representing an annual growth of 3.6 per cent compared to 2018, according to
a new report by the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI).

Tamil Nadu builds walls at Andhra border to block vehicular movement amid lockdown
To tackle the spread of coronavirus and strictly impose lockdown measures,
the Tamil Nadu government has ordered to built 7-ft walls at state border
with Andhra.

Centre’s report on lockdown says people dependent on relief camps doubled by mid-April
The Centre has submitted a second status report on the effects of the
lockdown on migrant labourers and other homeless people.

Natalie Dormer on Game Of Thrones: I got the golden ticket
Natalie Dormer played Margaery Tyrell on American fantasy drama Game of
Thrones.

Man recreates market at home for 87-year-old mother battling dementia
Australian filmmaker recreated a supermarket at his home for his 87-year-old
mother suffering from dementia.

Delhi HC to hear plea against Hasmukh for allegedly maligning lawyers
A plea was filed against Vir Das's Hasmukh for allegedly maligning the image
and reputation of lawyers. The Delhi High Court will hear the plea today,
April 27.

When will Covid-19 outbreak end in India? Researchers risk a May date
Researchers in Singapore have prepared a mathematical model to predict when
Covid-19 pandemic will end in different countries. The model predicts India
will see 97 per cent decline by May 22.



2020-04-27 14:37:42.149498

Formula One: French Grand Prix called off due to coronavirus crisis
The Formula One 2020 season has yet to start and the race at the southern
circuit is the 10th to be affected by the novel coronavirus pandemic.

PM hints at lockdown extension in Covid-19 hotspots after May 3, asks CMs to draw exit policy
PM Narendra Modi on Monday held a review meet with CMs over lockdown. While
PM Modi appreciated efforts of states, he hinted towards an extension of
lockdown in hotspots after May 3.

 Yes Bank case: Wadhawan brothers sent to CBI custody till May 4
India Today TV learnt that the CBI asked for the custody of the brothers on
the grounds that both have refused to join the probe and cooperate with the
investigations despite multiple summons. The court agreed to sent both the
brothers in the custody of central probe agency.

Coronavirus in Indïa: 3 more die of Covid-19 in Indore, toll reaches 60
The death toll due to novel coronavirus in Indore rose to 60 after three more
people succumbed to the disease in the Madhya Pradesh district, a health
official said on Monday.

Coronavirus: Lockdown restrictions tightened in Kashmir after spike in Covid-19 cases
The decision to intensify the restrictions on the movement and assembly of
people in most parts of the Kashmir Valley was taken following a sudden spike
in fresh Covid-19 positive cases over the past few days, the officials said.

Videos of elephants going down steep spaces while rolling go viral
Videos of elephants finding the most innovative ways to go down steep spaces
have gone viral on the internet.

Coronavirus: What mutual fund investors should know amid rising credit risks
With rising credit risks in the mutual fund space, experts have advised
investors to stick to risk-free funds and reassess the credit risks for all
current holdings.

Proman Dao: Mumbai Police brings up Hemsworth's Bangla to warn people
Mumbai Police used Chris Hemsworth’s Bangla dialogue from the film
Extraction to warn people about carrying a proof before stepping out of home.

Covid-19: Stepping out without reason can lead to quarantine in this Andhra Pradesh district
The Centre has submitted a second status report on the effects of the
lockdown on migrant labourers and other homeless people.

Ramayan star Dipika Chikhlia's throwback pic with Rajiv Gandhi goes viral
Ramayan's Sita, Dipika Chikhlia, shared a throwback picture on Instagram
where the Ramayan team is being felicitated by the-then Prime Minister Rajiv
Gandhi.

Taapsee Pannu shares photo with Sujoy Ghosh from Badla shoot
Taapsee Pannu shared a throwback photo with director Sujoy Ghosh from the
sets of Badla. The actress opened up on her equation with the director.

Tokyo Olympics: More questions than answers as IOC grapples with Covid-19 crisis
In the face of the coronavirus pandemic, will the Olympics really start in 15
months? If so, in what form? With fans? Without fans? Can they open without a
vaccine? We try to provide a few answers to many raging questions.



2020-04-27 21:46:58.616670

Cyclone watch: Low pressure area likely to form over south Andaman sea, says IMD
A low pressure is the first stage of a cyclone. However, not all low-pressure
areas develop into a cyclone.

Over 80 per cent wheat crop harvested: Home ministry
Over 80 per cent of the wheat crop has been harvested in the country and a
majority of "mandis" are operational now, a senior government official said
on Monday.

Maharashtra records 522 new Covid-19 cases, 27 deaths in last 24 hours
As of April 27, Maharashtra now has 8,590 confirmed cases of Covid-19.

Himachal CM Jai Ram Thakur favours lockdown extension beyond May 3
Himachal Pradesh Chief Minister Jai Ram Thakur on Monday said lockdown should
continue beyond May 3 to curb the spread of coronavirus, an official
spokesperson said.

British PM Boris Johnson back at work, warns against relaxing coronavirus restrictions in UK
Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Monday warned against relaxing the
coronavirus restrictions too soon as the country could still face a second
wave of attack by the "invisible mugger", in his first remarks since
returning to work after contracting the disease that has killed over 20,000
in the UK.

Coronavirus: Working from home a challenge in low-tech Japan 
Contrary to the ultramodern image of Japan Inc. with its robots, design
finesse and gadgetry galore, in many respects the country is technologically
challenged.

Most CMs want lockdown to continue: Narayanasamy after interaction with PM
A majority of the chief ministers who interacted with Prime Minister Narendra
Modi on Monday wanted the lockdown to continue after May 3 and asked him to
adopt a cautious approach while opening it, Puducherry Chief Minister V
Narayanasamy said.

White House aiming for Trump pivot from coronavirus to economy
As Trump continues to clash with the scientists over Covid-19 cure, his aides
are aiming to move the president onto more familiar — and safer, they hope
— ground: talking up the economy, in tighter controlled settings.

Over 200 areas removed from Mumbai's list of containment zones after no new cases in last 14 days
Mumbai Mayor Kishori Pednekar urged residents of containment zones to remain
indoors and stay safe.

MP health minister gets social, distances self from social distancing | Watch
On April 25, Madhya Pradesh Narottam Mishra marked a triumphant return to his
hometown Datia. There he was greeted by a throng of well-wishers and family
members -- all within close proximity and all without masks. 

Many failures combined to unleash death on Italy’s Lombardy
Italy had the bad luck of being the first Western nation to be slammed by the
outbreak, and its official total of 26,600 fatalities lags behind only the
U.S. in the global death toll.

US presidential polls: Trump's focus on his voter base complicates path to reelection
Confronting a pandemic that has upended his presidency and threatened his
reelection prospects, Trump has focused almost exclusively on tending to his
base.



2020-04-29 20:32:28.071765

Can't recall anyone that's got sick by doing that: Warner on saliva ban
The matter of saliva being unsafe was raised by the ICC's medical committee
and it would be addressed before cricket resumes.

In coronavirus fight, multiple challenges for private hospitals
The chief executive of a Kolkata hospital chain provides insight into the
multiple challenges faced by private hospitals in the fight against the
coronavirus. Read on.

Palghar mob lynching: 3 more police officials suspended
This comes a day after Palghar Superintendent of Police Gaurav Singh issued
orders to transfer almost complete staff of Kasa police station. The police
station is responsible for law and order in the Palghar village where the
lynching took place.

AB de Villiers denies being approached to lead South Africa
South African batsman AB de Villiers on Wednesday denied being approached by
country's cricket board to lead the national team once again.

Agra leads UP cities in coronavirus cases, 11th in India
Cases began rising in April, resulting in a total of 404 cases and 12 deaths,
the district magistrate said.

Mumbai: Dharavi reports 14 new Covid-19 cases, total 344 cases in Asia's biggest slum
Mumbai's Dharavi slum area recorded 14 new cases of Covid-19 on Wednesday,
taking Dharavi total coronavirus tally to 344.

Jharkhand CM: Irrfan will be remembered for his impactful work
Jharkhand Chief Minister Hemant Soren tweeted about Irrfan's death saying
that the actor will be remembered for his impactful work.

Sudarsan Pattnaik pays sand art tribute to Irrfan with words from Life Of Pi
Sand artist Sudarsan Pattnaik paid tribute to Irrfan with his artwork on the
Puri beach today.

Anurag Basu shares throwback pic with Irrfan from his TV days
Anurag Basu took to Twitter and shared a throwback picture with Irrfan from
his television days.

How ex-FIFA boss Sepp Blatter made millions by mismanaging 2005 Caribbean TV deal
Investigation reports revealed that FIFA wrote off a $3.8 million debt from a
Caribbean TV deal signed in 2005 by then-FIFA president Blatter and long-time
vice president Jack Warner.

Italian sports minister plays down chance of Serie A resuming
Italian football's chances of resuming the season are becoming increasingly
slim, according to the country's sports minister.

RIP Irrfan, will miss you: Hrithik and Katrina grieve loss of actor
Hrithik Roshan and Katrina Kaif grieved the Irrfan's demise by posting
heartfelt messages.

